hey guys type of crashing big ships
during another video on how to create a
Lego stop-motion including a green
screen so we can even understand it so
i'll be doing it right now you need to
green screen well one but i prefer to i
bought these oak tag papers off walmart
for six and action teach you may need
that it work very well go chief attorney
yarn colors you test subject and a good
source of light alright so before you do
anything these your Lego stop-motion
with the green screen background like
picture picture picture picture picture
picture or whatever and once you create
that don't head and upload it into
Windows Movie Maker all right so you got
your stop motion go ahead and open up
your windows movie maker that um and
import your pictures the ones that you
have taken your your stop motion so how
this is my desktop they are right here
all right
okay upload them click on the first one
hold shift and press on the last one oh
hey dragon man and I see numbers at 15
frames per second to change it go to
tools options and switch it to 0.125
picture duration psycho good and you've
got your screen yet it does not it's
just regular green screen it doesn't
have it doesn't have main screen back
end we're going to change that all right
security transitions and you know if you
have no green screen effects well I do
since I've download it so going internet
go to read effects site which will be in
the description box go there which this
is just download for transitions and it
gives you a larger variety so you're
going to click on the first one and here
notice it says you'd pay for fifteen
dollars I got mine for free i download
it and nothing happened i didn't pay for
anything and I've been having it for
more than 14 days which is more than a
trial and I i can see Lisa once you
download that and get all this green
screen blue screen and all these fat
more transitions what we're going to be
focused on today is this this one if
you're using your blue screen you're
going to focus on the first one but
since we have a green screen we're going
to use this one all right so since it's
pictures it's not going to work as well
so good importing media would you have
all your pictures put them into timeline
and
file publish movies to this computer and
I'll guess I'll name it name it all
right click Oh next best crawley publish
and wait you should go really quickly
click finish and now I want to change it
but Allah open up a new one and you
don't need your pictures anymore now
import that video of all your saved of
your save um stop motion combine it
together so mine saved in my desktop go
down and it's right there open it import
as you see it's in a video format so all
you do is just drag it down there and
there's no pictures all right now you're
going to need to do is get your video or
a picture that you want in your
background I'll be using a video so i
will go to videos okay lagging all right
let's go to sample videos and i'll use
lake okay import let me take your leg or
your video that you want or even your
picture drag it down now what i'm going
to do is key is the key element here
then take the lake or the video that
want i want to do in my green screen and
drag it in you see that arrow expanding
in the green screen well that's what
you're gonna have to do so it's
overlapping you can just move it back
and fix it even more so they're together
so they're overlapping each other your
results should look like this
I could find it I here so you see how
Ignatius into the whole Lake all right
so you're going to go to your
transitions and you have to have to
install their redhead effects or it
won't work scroll down and we're going
to use 0.1 you just all you have to do
is drag it in to your video and that's
it now let's look at the result
there you go you just created your own
lego stop including a green screen so
comment rate subscribe and if you like
this video um subscribe see you guys
later publish which was more helpful
than the last one
you